I can help you too.
But you have to promise me one condition.
Okay, okay, don't worry
I won't promise you a hundred.
This Xu Bingyan is your aunt, right?
Do you know how he died?
make a wish
Uncle Qi, why are you inquiring about him?
He is related to the curse of Fengmen Village
I want to know what really happened 30 years ago
Hey
My aunt
Probably the worst in the world
He was a college student.
30 years ago, when I was in school, I suddenly disappeared
My grandfather, my father
My two uncles were sniffing around for news of him
Never seen
A few years later
Suddenly, he found out about the village where he was abducted and sold
Married to a bachelor
The bachelor was afraid that my aunt would run away
He put a chain around his neck
Came out like a dog
What is this?
A female college student
It was so ruined
Yeah, when my grandpa and the others arrive
His son is already 6 years old.
Ben.
We agreed to rescue him that night
result
As a result, it was discovered by the villagers of Fengmen Village
A firefight
My grandfather had two book kings
Beaten to death by them
lawlessness
What a beast!
My dad watched his father
And two older brothers were beaten to death
My dad was lucky enough to save his life before coming back